(male narrator)
Previously on "Ninjago.."
(Jay)
Mysterious snake samurai.
Things attack Ninjago.
Cyrus Borg is missing
and our team is down
one master
and one ninja.
Dr. Saunders.
You are Krux.
- Your parents were traitors!
- No!
* Jump up kick back
* Whip around and spin *
(male narrator)
Episode 68, "Scavengers."
Oh, Misako.
All the time
we have known each other..
Someone wise once said
"We do not go forward
by looking back."
- When did I say that?
- Never.
I did.
[chuckling]
[screaming]
[dramatic music]
[growling]
Stay by my side, Misako.
Misako?
[cackling]
Misako.
- At my side.
- Of course.
As I always will be.
And as you always
will be for me.
What is it, Wu?
I haven't told anyone.
But when I fought Acronix
at the monastery
something happened..
...something bad.
Oh, this is bad.
I told everyone to go back
to the Airjitzu temple
while I got you back online.
'And still nothing.'
All I got left is trying
a total system reboot.
[electric buzzing]
Oh. Eh-eh-ha-ha. Ha-ha.
- Nya.
- Oh.
- I'm so glad you're--
- That potato was a flange.
Forty-one, eight, two, three.
A narwol horn is to red
as weather is
greater than pudding.
Fifty seat auto-doc feeder.
Okay, Zane, take it easy.
That's it.
- Banana curtain nine.
- Oh, come on.
I've tried everything.
What is going on in there?
What is going on
is I'm trying to unscramble
Zane's neural pathway
so we can go rescue Cyrus Borg.
And you haven't
tried everything.
You need to realign
Zane's neural inputs.
Can you hear me?
- Hello?
- Hotdog rainy day in seven.
- Okay..
Maybe what you need is..
Don't say a new
binary power core.
A new binary power core!
- I'll be right back!
- Wait! No, don't leave.
Plate, show, clipboard!
And at the monastery,
Acronix hit me
with what he called
the Time Punch.
Now, I'm rapidly ageing.
I would estimate
one day every hour.
The effect is accelerating.
And will continue
to do so until..
- 'Master Wu.'
- Say nothing.
The Ninja must not be distracted
at this crucial time.
They might be able to help you.
- 'May I enter?'
- My fate is inevitable, Misako.
Like the sun rising in the east.
Like fall turning into winter.
- Wu.
- Master Wu.
You must keep my secret.
- Ah.
- How is he?
[snoring]
Still recovering.
There's so little time.
So many lessons.
Fight with your back to the sun.
Eight cups of water a day
is a myth.
You should've been there when I
fought Acronix but I, I..
Why, he's right.
I should've been at his side.
I failed my master.
I will not make
that mistake again.
[grunting]
Zane is down.
Folks disappearing all over town
and we can't do a thing to help.
If we just knew why Acronix
and Krux are taking people..
You know my theory?
For the last time,
they are not hostages.
How can you be sure?
No ransom note.
Maybe they're gonna hypnotize
them into being an army.
Krux and Acronix
already have an army.
Of samurai snakes!
[grunting]
Well, you know,
my other theory is..
Do not say
alien abductions again.
Or dimensional rifts.
[grunting]
Or Elvin magic portals!
[screaming]
[groaning]
Sorry, it's just
I'm tired of speculating.
We need to take action.
Right, Kai?
[grunting]
Kai, you okay?
You've haven't been
the same since you
squared off against Krux.
Did-did he do something?
More like said something.
[grunts]
- No. Nothing. I'm fine.
- Well, good.
'Cause I was just sayin'
it's time to stop guessing
and to start fighting.
So, you're suggesting we capture
one of those snake guys
and bring them back here
for Wu to question?
I just wanna fight somebody
but, okay, we can do that too.
- That plan won't work.
- Why not?
Because Master Wu
still hasn't recovered
from his battle with Acronix.
He rambles. He passes out.
I think he's a lot more hurt
than he lets on.
Oh, great. All this and now
we have no leader either?
Uh, that's not exactly true.
[clears throat]
With Wu out of commission
the, um, logical successor
would be, uh..
The Green Ninja.
Mm, correct.
Uh, Master Lloyd?
Temporary Master Lloyd,
you mean.
'In training.'
Okay.
Temporary Master Lloyd
in training.
We mere ninja
await your words of wisdom.
Which I assume
involve kicking some butt
till we get a few answers,
right?
Ha-ha. Yeah! Ha-ha.
Wrong. Too random.
We need a plan.
We have one.
- Go kick some butt.
- Really?
Whose butt? Where?
- We'll work it out down there.
- No.
We'll work it out here first.
That's what Wu would do.
Come on.
Oh, yeah!
I just love sitting around
and talking instead of doing.
Cut him some slack, guys.
He's doing the best he can.
Huh?
Oh, come on.
Jimmy, you ain't gonna believe..
Jimmy?
[indistinct chatter on phone]
[beeping]
Eh-hey!
Just called to tell you that I'm
walking to the coffee shop now.
Cool! I'll see you there.
Hello? Hello?
No bars. What's goin' on?
Oh, uh. Ca-can you hear me now?
Now? Uh?
Huh? The cell tower's down!
[screaming]
Ah! My trophies.
Why would someone steal them?
Why? Wh-y-y?
(Raggmunk)
'Yes. Soon we will have
all the metal we need.'
Courtesy of
the Vermillion Warriors!
[cackling]
Really?
- What?
- All the metal? Like that's it?
- Finito?
- Yeah. Why?
Nothing. Nothing. It's fine.
Acronix and Krux
signed off on it?
Oh, who cares.
Now, let me concentrate.
Increase Operation Heavy Metal.
- Really? That's the name you--
- Oh, it doesn't matter.
[humming]
[screaming]
Help! Someone stole my trophies!
I have an alibi.
Wait. Why would anyone
steal your fake trophies?
Hey, no!
They were irreplaceable.
Which is why I'm here
to buy replacements.
You want
world championships this time
or just inter-continental?
Uh, uh, uh..
- Let's mix and match.
- One sec.
- Uh, oh.
- Uh..
They're not with me.
Fellas, we have a very strict
store policy
against shoplifting.
[dramatic music]
(Dareth)
Hey! Those are my trophies!
Give them back!
[grunts]
(Dareth)
Whoa. Whoa.
Whoa-a-a!
So, I-I think
we can safely rule out..
...these places as hiding spots
for the missing people.
These are too small.
These are too public,
and these are too obvious.
Or are they so obvious
that they're actually
the perfect hiding spot?
Hmm. Interesting.
[slurping]
- What are you doing?
- I'm bored.
So, I'm messing with him.
But now Lloyd's starting over.
He's gonna take even longer.
Sorry to interrupt
what looks to be
the most boring party game ever
but the city's
under attack down there.
- Yes!
Uh, uh, I mean that's horrible.
- Terrible.
- The worst.
There's a bunch of samurai
and snakes stealing
every piece of metal
they can find.
They took my trophies.
My trophies!
- Any sign of Krux or Acronix?
- Who?
- Doesn't matter. Let's go!
- Well, wait!
This doesn't make sense.
Why are they after metal?
- We can ask as we pummel them.
- No!
It might be a diversion
to draw us away from the temple
so they can finish off
Master Wu.
We can't just ignore
the damage they're doing.
Nor that they have my trophies!
I'm not leaving
Master Wu unprotected again.
Well, we're going.
- I'm ordering you to stay!
- And we're ignoring that order.
- So?
- Just go.
Nya will have my back.
Okay. Zane, I..
- Zane!
- Gah!
There go my buddy.
My buddy!
Get off my friend!
[grunting]
Come on, Zane. Let's do this!
Executive cucumber!
[Zane grunting]
Oh! Or maybe you should
sit this one out.
Fiber zing taco.
(P.I.X.A.L.)
'Brace yourself, Zane.'
I'm re-routing all
existing power to your chest.
In three, two, one.
[whirring]
Oh. Total electrical overload.
Nice move, buddy.
I knew you were
in there somewhere.
Of course, now I
have to reboot you again, but..
Oh!
They stole my Samurai X gear.
I hate not having
tunes on the ride.
But the USB port is the only way
to power you back up.
Those snakes stole
from the wrong girl.
Uh, all these tunnels under
the city look the same, huh?
Pretty confusing I'll bet.
It's a secret lair.
It's supposed
to be hard to find.
Yeah, but not for us.
I'll figure it out in a second.
Oh, get with the times, brother.
My new Borg Watch
has built-in GPS.
- The, uh..
- What's wrong?
Uh, nothing.
Just respecting your feelings
about tradition, and..
No service. That's why
I don't get with the times.
The old ways are still superior.
Follow me.
[all grunting]
I hope things are going
this well top side.
Yes, Operation Heavy Metal's
so good
the Ninja don't even know
what's up.
Nothing will stop us!
[tires screeching]
Way to jinx it.
Last one up is a rotten ninja!
[grunting]
Clear off as many
snakes as you can.
[grunts]
Wow! Total snake invasion.
Why am I so good?
It's a curse really.
Oh! Great.
Whoa!
Nya, what are you doing here?
Came to warn you about
the metal-stealing snakes
but it looks like
you already know.
- Uh, how's Zane?
- He's, uh..
(Zane)
All the goggles
on our vegetables.
'Fifty-three, eleven.'
Uh, we're still
working out some kinks.
[gasps]
[cackling]
- Fleeing sauce is out.
- That's right. Bring it on!
Oh-ho! Oh!
Oh, my..
[growling]
Free the trope men, Dareth.
Sorry, uh, my back's
totally jacked again.
These guys took your trophies.
Brown Ninja vengea-ance!
[grunting]
- Ooh!
- Ow!
My leg!
I think you broke it.
Gotta get more sna-a-akes!
Nya, where you going?
[grunting]
Come on!
Jay! Cole! Let's go!
[grunting]
So, does anyone have a plan?
Welcome to Ninjago!
No! They failed!
And we haven't collected
nearly enough metal yet.
No, you haven't.
Uh, was she here the whole time?
Your plan didn't
just have a stupid name.
It was also a stupid idea.
So, now, it's my turn.
Commence with
Operation Blackout.
That should buy the time you'll
need to collect more metal
assuming you don't mess that up
as you did this.
"Operation Blackout."
Good name.
- You're worried.
- Yes.
- Master Wu looks pale.
- No.
I mean, you're worried
about Cole, Jay, and Kai.
No. I'm mad at them.
I gave them an order
and they disobeyed me.
So, not worried at all.
Okay, fine.
But you heard Master Wu.
He wished I was there for him
when he fought Acronix.
I won't leave
and disappoint him again.
Y-you did not
disappoint me, Lloyd.
Oh, master.
When I said I wished
you were there
I was speaking of you, the team.
If I brought
the entire group
perhaps things
would be different.
You still appear concerned.
What is it?
My first time in charge
and I blew it.
The guys ignored my orders.
Master, what do I do now?
[sighs]
Ugh. I'm no leader.
All I do is make mistakes.
May I tell you a secret?
Master Wu makes mistakes too
'a lot of them.'
The true measure of a leader
is not whether
he makes mistakes.
It is whether
he learns from them.
Wu's mistake was going in alone.
So was mine.
I'm supposed to be
fighting alongside my friends.
Yes. Even if they aren't
ready to follow you yet..
...they will be.
But I don't know where they are.
Okay. That's a pretty big clue.
Thanks, mom.
(Misako)
You can stop pretending now.
Lloyd must learn
to make his own decisions.
He will be a real master
soon enough.
And by the way..
...I do not make
a lot of mistakes.
No. Just one big one.
What took you so long?
We were, uh-uh.. Hey!
How'd you know those
whatever they are's
would be coming here?
Well, when all
the power went out
I assumed they
must be at the source.
You figured that out
yourself? Nice.
We had to follow them.
I should've been following them
with you guys
from the beginning.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah. Yeah, so are we.
So, what's the plan,
Temporary Master Lloyd?
In training.
We go in there
and kick some snake butt.
Or whatever passes
for a snake's butt.
- Like it?
- I love it!
Yeah! That's a great plan!
The treadmill
was invented in 1818.
Alright, snakes, time to..
Where are they?
The place looks empty.
Zane, you detecting any snakes?
Cranberries. Corkscrew. Squab.
Multiple contacts,
six meters in.
Uh, after a while you start
to pick up on the meaning.
That's a bunch
of office warriors, literally!
Okay, let's do this!
All of us!
- All of us?
- Oh, right.
Zane, stay here.
Mute.
(all)
Ninjago!
[dramatic music]
You don't look so big.
[growls]
A-and now you do.
[growling]
A desk is no good
without a chair!
Have a seat.
Oh, come on!
[grunting]
I hate not having the full team.
We could really use Zane's help.
Right now,
he basically has one move.
Short himself out
with a massive blast of power.
'It creates a magnetic field
that yanks off their armor.'
Those turbines,
they're basically
big, rotating
electromagnets, right?
Yeah, basically, uh..
[grunting]
So, if Zane were to hook in
directly and super charge
one of them, all this
metal armor the snakes have..
I'm on it!
Zane! I need you.
Pug knock!
We have to buy Nya
a little time.
Ninjago!
[grunting]
Got it! Now, Zane, now!
(Zane)
'Goggle's my buddy.
Goggle's my buddy!'
We need more juice.
- Zane!
- On it.
[screams]
Boo!
That's right. Slither away!
Way to go, Nya!
[gasps]
It was Lloyd's plan.
Wait to go, Master Lloyd.
Yeah, you forgot
the temporary and training part.
I know.
Don't let it go to your head.
Uh, not to ruin the feel-goods
but maybe we should
save the celebrating
for after we get
the power and Zane back on?
One more switch, and..
Huh. Well, we know
civilization has been restored.
The TV is working again.
Hello, everyone.
- What have I missed?
- Oh, not much.
Missing people and snakes
trying to steal your metal skin.
But we kicked their butts.
If in fact they have butts.
It's still an open question.
But for now, it's game over.
Uh, I'm not sure that's..
Snakes are attacking
Monster Amusement Park.
They appear to be after anything
metal that isn't nailed down
including the nails themselves.
Ninja, we're leaving.
Nya, when this is all over
there's something
I need to tell you.
- Something important.
- Okay, big brother.
An amusement park, really?
- Do these guys hate fun?
- Nah.
- More like they love metal.
- It's agreed.
I cannot think of a better place
to steal them from.
I'm sure you concur, P.I.X.A.L.
- P.I.X.A.L.?
- Now, let's roll.
I've got a Samurai X suit
to get back!
Wait!
Is a better place. A scrap yard.
Like the one
that belongs to my parents?
[dramatic music]
[theme music]